---
layout  : post
title   : Answer 2
---

**3. Vulnerabilities Discovered**

The type of vulnerabilities I have discovered in real world applications are such as username enumerations, XSS, SQL injections, LDAP injections, cross site request forgery and security misconfigurations.

One method I used to find these are Running Vulnerability scans through Nessus and testing those holes using dedicated applications like Core Impact. 

In this app I import data from Nessus Vulnerability scanner which pulls all the targeted hosts. I then select a penetration module and run it against a host, Impact then looks at the vulnerability scan results, goes through a list of all the vulnerabilities associated with each host, match up the exploits and impact that match the vulnerability scan and executes the exploits. A report is then generated which shows the result of the exploits.

I then generate a vulnerability validation report. This report shows successful and failed exploits detailing CVSS information against each exploit successful and non-successful. 

Impact then uses the potential vulnerabilities that have been identified by the scanner to find any confirmed risk in the web app.

When confirmed, I then leverage the vulnerability be it XSS agent or another, to run in a sand box to see what it does. The result is what I would use as my proof of concept. 

I did not receive a bug bounty-payment for them. However, I developed a go-to relationship with those who see me as an asset, which I find valuable. 


**4. Programming Experience**:

I have a modest amount of programming experience but I have been reseacrhing and learning programming languages for 3 years now. I have studied, Java, Ruby on Rails, Python, SQL, C#, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Node JS E6. The frameworks I have used are Visual studio for C#, Djanjo for Python, text editors such as Sublime and Atom. Most of them was a learning curve to find my feet and see what language works for me. In the end, I have most experience with python in as much that’s the language which is acquainted with networking and security monitoring.


**5. Interesting reasearch**:

I looked at challenge 2 and figured this was quite a difficault task not having done this before. For this reason I decided to do reseacrh on creating Labmda functions. The use case I based it on was to have servers instances stop at night when not in use. I created a function on AWS that starts the instances at 6.30 in the morning and stops at 6.30 in the evening. I then configured cloud watch to automate the task. The DevOps style of operations is what I am currently getting hands in as everything is moving to the cloud, thats where I intend to migrate my skills to to. So far I have been provisioning multiple/ prebuilt instances using Vagrant. Using Docker containers. Managing configuration with Ansible. Getting used to Version control using Git and practicing Continuous Integration with Jenkins. As I am enthusiastic about the cloud operations I am developing my skills and endevour enhancing my skills and competence.  

