---
layout  : post
title   : Adaptability - CP-AD-01
---

**Describe a time when you worked on a challenging cross-functional team that produced an exceptional deliverable.**


**Answer**:

My team and I worked on a project for an outsource organisation whose staff totalled to a sum of 73,000 end users. Not to forget to mention this was across UK, Europe, South Africa and India but our dedicated jurisdiction was a site based in Southampton. The organisation’s core business processes included corporate and administration services and procurement management. Their organisational goal was decrease the amount of wait-time and give a better experience for communication between end users and their clients.  

Within the network architecture, the configuration management was an error prone process that needed to be improved. A new software solution was needed. The network was to go through a migration to a centralised control system through an API to automate the control plane (SDN) which will make configuration management smoother. This was to enable Continuous integration and delivery.

The team I worked in comprised of cross-functional specialists in various areas. We had the project manager who was responsible for planning and strategy. We had technical consultants who assessed the readiness of the network and determined if the network and personnel could handle the change. We had the designers who architected the product, services and support in a way that met the business objective of the organisation. We had the implementation engineers who implemented the solution causing minimum disruption. Then we had the operations, this is where fitted in in the life cycle structure. I was operating on the network solution, analysing log files, cleaning up log files, making tweaks to the implementation. There were times were I would communicate with other technical specialists and suggested where optimisation could be necessary.  As I was handling the data, I would point out where a parser needs reconfiguring in order to improve usability of data. 

